README.md, before:

# Group_18_finalProject_InteRobotic
Intelligent Robotic Group 18 Final Project

## How to run
1. Copy and place the "_maze_robot_package_" folder at: _'/home/'$USER'/catkin_ws/src'_
2. Re-built your catkin, in a new terminal type: " _cd ~/catkin_ws_ " and then " _catkin_make_ "
3. Copy and paste the "_maze_robot_package.sh_" file at (your home folder): _'/home/'$USER'/'_
4. Be sure that the "_main.py_" file is executable: " _chmod u+x '/home/'$USER'/catkin_ws/src/maze_robot_package/src/main.py'_ "
5. Be sure that the script (.sh file) is executable: " _chmod u+x maze_robot_package.sh_ "
6. In a new terminal, run: " _./maze_robot_package.sh_ "
7. In a new terminal, you can run a file for testing: " _rosrun maze_robot_package main.py_ "

After the above steps, Stage ROS should be executed (due to step 6) and you should see the robot moving straight and then upward (due to step 7).

**Note**: As a target, I setup the cells in the centre of the maze (8 <= x <= 10 and 9 <= y <= 11) given _reward = 10_

## Extra
If you face any issues, try to rebuild the package from scratch, please use the following link as a guide: 
https://duckietown.mit.edu/media/pdfs/1rpRisFoCYUm0XT78j-nAYidlh-cDtLCdEbIaBCnx9ew.pdf

Commit message:

Refactored
1. Pickles will be saved in the data/pickles folder from now
2. Refactored policy_iteration code etc.
3. Added comments and references to all .py files
4. Updated README.md file
5. Changed terminal state coordinates
6. Deleted unnecessary code

README.md, after:

# Group_18_finalProject_InteRobotic - University of Birmingham
This is our final project for the Intelligent Robotic module. The aim of the project was to apply the MDP technique in order for the robot to find the shortest path in the maze and reach the terminal state.

## How to run
1. Copy and place the "_maze_robot_package_" folder at: _'/home/'$USER'/catkin_ws/src'_
2. Re-built your catkin, in a new terminal type: " _cd ~/catkin_ws_ " and then " _catkin_make_ "
3. Copy and paste the "_maze_robot_package.sh_" file at (your home folder): _'/home/'$USER'/'_
4. Be sure that the "_main.py_" file is executable: " _chmod u+x '/home/'$USER'/catkin_ws/src/maze_robot_package/src/main.py'_ "
5. Be sure that the script (.sh file) is executable: " _chmod u+x maze_robot_package.sh_ "
6. In a new terminal, run: " _./maze_robot_package.sh_ "
7. In a new terminal, you can run a file for testing: " _rosrun maze_robot_package main.py_ "

After the above steps, Stage ROS should be executed (due to step 6) and then you should see the robot move to reach the terminal stage in the maze following the policy instructions (due to step 7).

**Note**: As a target, I setup a cell in the centre of the maze (x=9, y=9)

## Extra
If you face any issues, try to rebuild the package from scratch, please use the following link as a guide: 
https://duckietown.mit.edu/media/pdfs/1rpRisFoCYUm0XT78j-nAYidlh-cDtLCdEbIaBCnx9ew.pdf
